---
title: "Bailey Kingsford - 2019-12-06 01:57:55"
date: "2019-12-06"
---

Need to find powerful advertising that isn't completely full of it? Sorry to bug you on your contact form but actually that was kinda the point. We can send your promotional copy to websites via their contact pages just like you're receiving this message right now. You can target by keyword or just execute mass blasts to websites in the location of your choice. So let's assume you want to push through a message to all the web developers in the US, we'll scrape websites for just those and post your ad message to them. As long as you're advertising something that's relevant to that type of business then you'll be blessed with awesome results!

Send a quick note to sarah1916eva@gmail.com for the details AUTHOR: Bailey Kingsford AUTHOR EMAIL: kingsford.bailey@gmail.com AUTHOR URL: SUBJECT: \[Stijn Biemans\] Contact IP: 104.245.145.56 Array ( \[1\_Naam\] => Bailey Kingsford \[2\_E-mailadres\] => kingsford.bailey@gmail.com \[3\_Onderwerp\] => \[4\_Reactie\] => Need to find powerful advertising that isn't completely full of it? Sorry to bug you on your contact form but actually that was kinda the point. We can send your promotional copy to websites via their contact pages just like you're receiving this message right now. You can target by keyword or just execute mass blasts to websites in the location of your choice. So let's assume you want to push through a message to all the web developers in the US, we'll scrape websites for just those and post your ad message to them. As long as you're advertising something that's relevant to that type of business then you'll be blessed with awesome results!

Send a quick note to sarah1916eva@gmail.com for the details \[entry\_title\] => Contact \[entry\_permalink\] => http://www.stijnbiemans.nl/contact/ \[feedback\_id\] => c06d1a0281336f04cc7d70351552b98e )
