---
title: "Bennie Orth - 2019-12-23 19:12:42"
date: "2019-12-23"
---

Need to find powerful online promotion that isn't full of BS? I apologize for sending you this message on your contact form but actually that's exactly where I wanted to make my point. We can send your ad copy to websites through their contact pages just like you're receiving this note right now. You can target by keyword or just fire off bulk blasts to websites in any country you choose. So let's say you want to push through a message to all the web developers in the US, we'll scrape websites for only those and post your advertisement to them. Providing you're promoting a product or service that's relevant to that type of business then you'll get an amazing response!

Write a quick note to muhammad2435tay@gmail.com to find out how we do this AUTHOR: Bennie Orth AUTHOR EMAIL: bennie.orth@yahoo.com AUTHOR URL: SUBJECT: \[Stijn Biemans\] Contact IP: 184.75.211.139 Array ( \[1\_Naam\] => Bennie Orth \[2\_E-mailadres\] => bennie.orth@yahoo.com \[3\_Onderwerp\] => \[4\_Reactie\] => Need to find powerful online promotion that isn't full of BS? I apologize for sending you this message on your contact form but actually that's exactly where I wanted to make my point. We can send your ad copy to websites through their contact pages just like you're receiving this note right now. You can target by keyword or just fire off bulk blasts to websites in any country you choose. So let's say you want to push through a message to all the web developers in the US, we'll scrape websites for only those and post your advertisement to them. Providing you're promoting a product or service that's relevant to that type of business then you'll get an amazing response!

Write a quick note to muhammad2435tay@gmail.com to find out how we do this \[entry\_title\] => Contact \[entry\_permalink\] => http://www.stijnbiemans.nl/contact/ \[feedback\_id\] => d394d6d13f03c95360cbb248734ed2bb )
